very bad a call my hair we're gonna be
doing a review on the shining was there
a lot of you guys wanted this so we're
gonna be doing this and before we get
started make sure you guys do check out
immortal assassin channel he does do
clash of Lords too and he does other
games too he's he has started then he
does anything silly he needs some help
so make sure you guys do come on
subscribe to him thank you very much
so let's get on with the video the
shining wizard is one of the best heroes
I recommend that are rares because of
her special ability or attack and her
attack and HP is bad I know that too
it's not compared to Dragon Riders other
stuff but it's her ability her ability
does 765 plus 50 to attack when you use
it I have red level 100 we're gonna go
do like level 20 something right about
now let me just find it me like level 22
siege 2 and show her off she is really
really good I just love her and will
Schroeder
she has wizards just 15 wizards my herd
Wizards are not leveled up and her
abilities not leveled up so if it looks
weak because I haven't level those up so
their special ability well see that's a
sad part about some heroes too is have
you used a special ability when the hero
dies and you lose it that's a sad part
every hero has that so make sure you got
dude in a perfect timing again I did it
again I did it two times I should have
waited for that one but it'll still get
to user or special don't worry all right
there we go right about now
that's our special just destroyed all
the stuff it targets more than five
sometimes and targets five sometimes the
targets for so make sure you guys do
however she is really really sick I just
love her special that's the only thing I
used her I used her until I got my fifth
epic because I've her special or special
is really really good and anybody can
use it it targets far targets low I mean
if I get far far ranged stuff so if your
stuff it's like blitz bomber special you
shoot at the targets anything around it
so the space looks alright I'll do the
tiger from the top get attention our
three heroes already this is she might
die well she died no she'll still give
up a fight and let me just use your
special ability
wait for it wait for it dary
as you can see a target with all the
heroes and her so she might die in the
process yeah she did die but she is a
really good hero so make sure you guys
do get her I recommend it to anybody as
you can see just targeted for that is
honestly beautiful it targets more than
it's a target it does target for
sometimes it does target five depending
on what it is but yeah that is the
shining wizard
I give it an around that eight because
it's not epic and has over eight
actually I gave her seven because of her
attack HP and not an epic but yeah
that's when I give the review of her and
makes you guys you check our mortal
assassins Charles link building
description so make sure you guys do
check them out subscribe to them thank
you guys for watching
I am your number one host for clash of
Lords 1 and clash of Lords 2 videos